documents/scrum-questions.md, before:

## 30.06.2020  
**What did I do today?**  
I fixed my GitHub error from yesterday.  
I found, installed and configurated a tool that was new to me.  
I started the SCRUM board.  
  
**What will I do tomorrow?**  
I will try to finish the SCRUM board and start the documentation.  
  
**What hinders my progress?**  
The GitHub error from yesterday put me back a few hours, but I managed to find a workaround.  
The temperature in my room is not very pleasant, so I'll try to work on the balcony from now on.
  
  
## 01.07.2020  
**What did I do today?**  
I finished the SCRUM board and the stock analysis.  
I also started to read into the OpenHERE Maps API and got the API keys.  
  
**What will I do tomorrow?**  
I will finish my application mail and send it to Pete.  
I will try to work more on the documentation.  
I will try to implement the map component.
  
**What hinders my progress?**  
The OpenHERE Maps API was written for javascript and not for typescript.  
The documentation for the API is on an older version, which does make a huge difference.  
It's hard to concentrate with this weather going on.  
It's also rather hard to stay focused, whenever there is an error that doesn't want to go away for hours.  
  
  
## 02.07.2020  
**What did I do today?**  
I have finished writing my application mail for Rafisa AG.  
> It went rather well and I did not have to spend too much time on it.  
  
I have read the documentation for OpenHERE Maps API and I fiddled around with it in an example project.  
> This did not go so well, because javascript did not recognize the MIME type the API was sending, since it's a padded JSON and not a normal one.  
> I also got a version mismatch error, since the tutorial I followed was obsolete.  
> I fixed the error after a bit of trial and error, until I got another error.  
  
**What will I do tomorrow?**  
I will work on the documentation the whole morning and I'll try to check off some tasks on the scrum board relating to the documentation.  
On the afternoon I'll try to find a fix or a workaround for the current error I'm having.  
  
**What hinders my progress?**  
I have got another error in my program.  
This time the error is an InvalidArgumentError caused by the HERE Platform Data Extension API in the service namespace.  
Apparently I have not given the correct arguments in the correct order or the correct count.  
I will continue to read the documentation on Fleet Telematics Advanced Data Sets that the API is using.  
  
  
## 03.07.2020  
**What did I do today?**  
I have written 4 use cases and also the list of people who support me with this project.  
I also have read more of the documentation on HERE Maps and have figured out the parameters for a method, that's been making my head hurt.  
  
**What will I do after the weekend?**  
I'll create a table for the tools I've used and their licenses in the first hour of the day.  
Afterwards I'll add the remaining small parts of the documentation until lunch time.  
The rest of the day I'll spend on making the map work.  
  
**What hinders my progress?**  
I do not currently have an obvious error, but the map doesn't show anyways.  
I'll have another read in the documentation until I find some useful information on how to fix that problem.  
Maybe I'll create a StackOverflow question, if I don't find anything.  
  
## 06.07.2020  
**What did I do today?**  
I have finished the documentation on what the project is so far.  
I will obviously add more to it, if it does need it.  
The morning really went as planned, while the afternoon was not as successful.  
  
**What will I do tomorrow?**  
I will dedicate tomorrow towards making sure the map works as inteded.  
I hope this will work.  
  
**What hinders my progress?**  
The error I'm having with the map doesn't really display properly.  
It's hard fixing an error you don't know the name, nor the cause of.  
I'll try to read more into the documentation to fix it.

Commit message:

Forgot to push documents after the appointment

documents/scrum-questions.md, after:

## 30.06.2020  
**What did I do today?**  
I fixed my GitHub error from yesterday.  
I found, installed and configurated a tool that was new to me.  
I started the SCRUM board.  
  
**What will I do tomorrow?**  
I will try to finish the SCRUM board and start the documentation.  
  
**What hinders my progress?**  
The GitHub error from yesterday put me back a few hours, but I managed to find a workaround.  
The temperature in my room is not very pleasant, so I'll try to work on the balcony from now on.
  
  
## 01.07.2020  
**What did I do today?**  
I finished the SCRUM board and the stock analysis.  
I also started to read into the OpenHERE Maps API and got the API keys.  
  
**What will I do tomorrow?**  
I will finish my application mail and send it to Pete.  
I will try to work more on the documentation.  
I will try to implement the map component.
  
**What hinders my progress?**  
The OpenHERE Maps API was written for javascript and not for typescript.  
The documentation for the API is on an older version, which does make a huge difference.  
It's hard to concentrate with this weather going on.  
It's also rather hard to stay focused, whenever there is an error that doesn't want to go away for hours.  
  
  
## 02.07.2020  
**What did I do today?**  
I have finished writing my application mail for Rafisa AG.  
> It went rather well and I did not have to spend too much time on it.  
  
I have read the documentation for OpenHERE Maps API and I fiddled around with it in an example project.  
> This did not go so well, because javascript did not recognize the MIME type the API was sending, since it's a padded JSON and not a normal one.  
> I also got a version mismatch error, since the tutorial I followed was obsolete.  
> I fixed the error after a bit of trial and error, until I got another error.  
  
**What will I do tomorrow?**  
I will work on the documentation the whole morning and I'll try to check off some tasks on the scrum board relating to the documentation.  
On the afternoon I'll try to find a fix or a workaround for the current error I'm having.  
  
**What hinders my progress?**  
I have got another error in my program.  
This time the error is an InvalidArgumentError caused by the HERE Platform Data Extension API in the service namespace.  
Apparently I have not given the correct arguments in the correct order or the correct count.  
I will continue to read the documentation on Fleet Telematics Advanced Data Sets that the API is using.  
  
  
## 03.07.2020  
**What did I do today?**  
I have written 4 use cases and also the list of people who support me with this project.  
I also have read more of the documentation on HERE Maps and have figured out the parameters for a method, that's been making my head hurt.  
  
**What will I do after the weekend?**  
I'll create a table for the tools I've used and their licenses in the first hour of the day.  
Afterwards I'll add the remaining small parts of the documentation until lunch time.  
The rest of the day I'll spend on making the map work.  
  
**What hinders my progress?**  
I do not currently have an obvious error, but the map doesn't show anyways.  
I'll have another read in the documentation until I find some useful information on how to fix that problem.  
Maybe I'll create a StackOverflow question, if I don't find anything.  
  
## 06.07.2020  
**What did I do today?**  
I have finished the documentation on what the project is so far.  
I will obviously add more to it, if it does need it.  
The morning really went as planned, while the afternoon was not as successful.  
  
**What will I do tomorrow?**  
I will dedicate tomorrow towards making sure the map works as inteded.  
I hope this will work.  
  
**What hinders my progress?**  
The error I'm having with the map doesn't really display properly.  
It's hard fixing an error you don't know the name, nor the cause of.  
I'll try to read more into the documentation to fix it.  
  
## 07.07.2020  
**What did I do today?**  
I managed to make the map work, after reading more into the documentation.  
It took quite a while, since I did not get a nicely formulated error.  
The error must not be very common, because no search engine I know of got me an answer.  
I considered posting a question on StackOverflow, but I then finally wrote the code I needed.  
After I fixed the map, I read the UI part of the documentation. (At least the parts I needed)  
With that, I was able to add the UI controls to the map.  

**What will I do tomorrow?**
I will work on the documentation for a few hours.
The time it'll take really depends on what I think might be needed in there.  
I estimate that it will take around 4-5 hours.  
I'll test out some potential features, if I have enough time to spare.  
  
**What hinders my progress?**  
There is no problem right now, since I just finished adding the map to the program.  
It did take a while to fix the error today, since it did not specify the failed part of the code.
